Add brief explanation of why sample population has single city/state/zip (#398)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/datasets/index.rst

which may be different -- for example, a PO box.
Mailing addresses, not physical addresses, are recorded in tax filings.

Note that in the small-scale simulated population that is available by default, these addresses all have their 
city/state/zip code set to the fictitious location of Anytown, WA 00000. This is to ensure that linking is not 

> unrealistically easy with the sample population (i.e., you cannot block on these attributes, as they are all identical). 

Reviewer: Well technically you _can_ block, it just won't help you because you'd only have one block...

I think this is not necessarily about blocking _per se_, but I'm not sure exactly how to say it...

Author: I just tried a different way of putting it, lmk what you think!

> unrealistically easy with the sample population (i.e., you cannot block on these attributes, as they are all identical). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
unrealistically easy with the sample population (i.e., you it is not helpful block on these attributes, as they are all identical). 
```
